It is said that the search works like Chen Kaige, more like from the hand of Feng Xiaogang. Indeed, such as search, the urban comedy, has always been a Feng Xiaogang's Alley, which Chen Kaige film, more easily with grand historical context linked to the individual fate and suffer setbacks. But now that two people made their own changes: Chen learned to bow down, taken out of the search; the humanistic thought of Feng Xiaogang is picking up years in the making, creation of the temperature therefore, 1942. The search of Chen song, more like an attempt at seeking a balance between artistic and commercial. From the promise of "massacre", the Mei Lanfang, the orphan of Zhao's mixed, in recent years, Chen was questioned himself out. Sure, a creator always has water fountain at the peak of the paper, also struggling bottleneck, 60 years old, Chen has lost that year's spirited and outspoken, he can't always do the times of "treason pioneer", a role that young people should be "a substitute". Take a step back and say, in the search in the present domestic film has pretty good, after all, Chen Kaige's film skills and narrative ability there. But to be fair, we had to on the "work of Chen Kaige," disappointed-when pride faded, determined to not after Chen Kaige is no longer in "Yellow Earth" cry of making inquiries on age, nor in "three stage" interpretation across on several years of joys and sorrows. Neither blame nor find fault, more is not an egg while the search to the current pulse of the times, but it's a pity that, Chen was touched, shook his head, then walked away. Not given their own understanding of "prescription" or even explain the illness, which inevitably makes people sad and disappointed [22]. (The author finishing/XI Xuan Hao) front view. This movie have done quite well in the narrative of relatively smooth at story is told in the first place, before Chen Kaige's film has an author, personalized at odds, he must be one of those shelves, that kind of tone of voice, like the Jing Ke CI Qin Wang (1999), it is necessary to tone, stage style obviously [22]. Movie in the narrative is consistent with mainstream tastes, this movie is a two-wire design, is a two-story narrative, the main media event, auxiliary line is high round circles and Zhao Ting's relationship, but also in the development of the auxiliary line slowly became a main line [22]. Chen Kaige's audiovisual language is very delicate, like movies a lot of mirrors used, typical academic approach. Contradiction of human nature through the mirror to show in the form of, and choice of seats, scattered, is very rich in [22]. Saddam Hussein comment (China film archive programming and micro-blog: Dr Strangelove). Opposite views. The film is relatively scattered, not particularly concentrated, for example, we look at the world of Peter Weir's the Truman Show, speak clearly, the lowdown is the person how to face the media, and how to get out of the Studio's control. But the search is a two-wire, one is the emotions, is a media event, was neck and neck. Chen has been the starting point of view, he is certainly going to talk about the relationship between people and media, patting and patting into the emotional scenes between men and women, the emotional scenes and "take care of" Zhao Ting and Gao Yuanyuan's feelings outside the show, was once again enlarged, may be a bit more dominant than the [22]. Saddam Hussein comment (China film archive programming and micro-blog: Dr Strangelove). There is an impression that the movie search "to Chen Kaige's" online some say this movie is simply do not see Chen Kaige shot [22]. Yang Tiandong-rating (the film magazine, screenwriter, Twitter: hung-claw. It is said that the search works like Chen Kaige, more like from the hand of Feng Xiaogang. Indeed, such as search, the urban comedy, has always been a Feng Xiaogang's Alley, which Chen Kaige film, more easily with grand historical context linked to the individual fate and suffer setbacks. But now that two people made their own changes: Chen learned to bow down, taken out of the search; the humanistic thought of Feng Xiaogang is picking up years in the making, creation of the temperature therefore, 1942. The search of Chen song, more like an attempt at seeking a balance between artistic and commercial. From the promise of "massacre", the Mei Lanfang, the orphan of Zhao's mixed, in recent years, Chen was questioned himself out. Sure, a creator always has water fountain at the peak of the paper, also struggling bottleneck, 60 years old, Chen has lost that year's spirited and outspoken, he can't always do the times of "treason pioneer", a role that young people should be "a substitute". Take a step back and say, in the search in the present domestic film has pretty good, after all, Chen Kaige's film skills and narrative ability there. But to be fair, we had to on the "work of Chen Kaige," disappointed-when pride faded, determined to not after Chen Kaige is no longer in "Yellow Earth" cry of making inquiries on age, nor in "three stage" interpretation across on several years of joys and sorrows.Is hard, not find fault, more is not an egg while the search to the current pulse of the times, but it's a pity that, Chen was touched, shook his head, then walked away. Not given their own understanding of "prescription" or even explain the illness, which inevitably makes people sad and disappointed [22]. (The author finishing/XI Xuan Hao) front view. This movie have done quite well in the narrative of relatively smooth at story is told in the first place, before Chen Kaige's film has an author, personalized at odds, he must be one of those shelves, that kind of tone of voice, like the Jing Ke CI Qin Wang (1999), it is necessary to tone, stage style obviously [22]. Movie in the narrative is consistent with mainstream tastes, this movie is a two-wire design, is a two-story narrative, the main media event, auxiliary line is high round circles and Zhao Ting's relationship, but also in the development of the auxiliary line slowly became a main line [22]. Chen Kaige's audiovisual language is very delicate, like movies a lot of mirrors used, typical academic approach. Contradiction of human nature through the mirror to show in the form of, and choice of seats, scattered, is very rich in [22]. Saddam Hussein comment (China film archive programming and micro-blog: Dr Strangelove). Opposite views. The film is relatively scattered, not particularly concentrated, for example, we look at the world of Peter Weir's the Truman Show, speak clearly, the lowdown is the person how to face the media, and how to get out of the Studio's control. But the search is a two-wire, one is the emotions, is a media event, was neck and neck. Chen has been the starting point of view, he is certainly going to talk about the relationship between people and media, patting and patting into the emotional scenes between men and women, the emotional scenes and "take care of" Zhao Ting and Gao Yuanyuan's feelings outside the show, was once again enlarged, may be a bit more dominant than the [22]. Saddam Hussein comment (China film archive programming and micro-blog: Dr Strangelove). There is an impression that the movie search "to Chen Kaige's" online some say this movie is simply do not see Chen Kaige shot [22]. Yang Tiandong-rating (the film magazine, screenwriter, Twitter: hung-claw. It is said that the search works like Chen Kaige, more like from the hand of Feng Xiaogang. Indeed, such as search, the urban comedy, has always been a Feng Xiaogang's Alley, which Chen Kaige film, more easily with grand historical context linked to the individual fate and suffer setbacks. But now that two people made their own changes: Chen learned to bow down, taken out of the search; the humanistic thought of Feng Xiaogang is picking up years in the making, creation of the temperature therefore, 1942. The search of Chen song, more like an attempt at seeking a balance between artistic and commercial. From the promise of "massacre", the Mei Lanfang, the orphan of Zhao's mixed, in recent years, Chen was questioned himself out. Sure, a creator always has water fountain at the peak of the paper, also struggling bottleneck, 60 years old, Chen has lost that year's spirited and outspoken, he can't always do the times of "treason pioneer", a role that young people should be "a substitute". Take a step back and say, in the search in the present domestic film has pretty good, after all, Chen Kaige's film skills and narrative ability there. But to be fair, we had to on the "work of Chen Kaige," disappointed-when pride faded, determined to not after Chen Kaige is no longer in "Yellow Earth" cry of making inquiries on age, nor in "three stage" interpretation across on several years of joys and sorrows. Neither blame nor find fault, more is not an egg while the search to the current pulse of the times, but it's a pity that, Chen was touched, shook his head, then walked away. Not given their own understanding of "prescription" or even explain the illness, which inevitably makes people sad and disappointed [22]. (The author finishing/XI Xuan Hao) front view. This movie have done quite well in the narrative of relatively smooth at story is told in the first place, before Chen Kaige's film has an author, personalized at odds, he must be one of those shelves, that kind of tone of voice, like the Jing Ke CI Qin Wang (1999), it is necessary to tone, stage style obviously [22]. Movie in the narrative is consistent with mainstream tastes, this movie is a two-wire design, is a two-story narrative, the main media event, auxiliary line is high round circles and Zhao Ting's relationship, but also in the development of the auxiliary line slowly became a main line [22]. Chen Kaige's audiovisual language is very delicate, like movies a lot of mirrors used, typical academic approach. Contradiction of human nature through the mirror to show in the form of, and choice of seats, scattered, is very rich in [22]. Saddam Hussein comment (China film archive programming and micro-blog: Dr Strangelove). Opposite views.Movie is relatively scattered, not particularly concentrated, for example, we look at the world of Peter Weir's the Truman Show, speak clearly, the lowdown is the person how to face the media, and how to get out of the Studio's control. But the search is a two-wire, one is the emotions, is a media event, was neck and neck. Chen has been the starting point of view, he is certainly going to talk about the relationship between people and media, patting and patting into the emotional scenes between men and women, the emotional scenes and "take care of" Zhao Ting and Gao Yuanyuan's feelings outside the show, was once again enlarged, may be a bit more dominant than the [22]. Saddam Hussein comment (China film archive programming and micro-blog: Dr Strangelove). There is an impression that the movie search "to Chen Kaige's" online some say this movie is simply do not see Chen Kaige shot [22]. Yang Tiandong-rating (the film magazine, screenwriter, Twitter: hung-claw.
